You can do it! 
Stop thinking about that Soda! It's Toxic! It will melt your brain!
Don't be a Fatty! be a.. Skinny? skinny-y? skinny-ee? stupid english.. what is the opposite of Fatty!? Just be healthy dammit!
Get your ass in gear!
Suck it up buttercup! Your Family wants you around! Stop consuming that sh*t
Don't be a weakling! Fight the Cravings!
It’s Not A Diet, It’s A Lifestyle Change! YOU WILL NEVER HAVE SODA AGAIN!
Eat that Lettuce!! EAT IT!!! EAT IT NOW!!!!!!!
Put that sh*t down and go get a salad!
mmmm... Cupcakes... NO! BAD! Stop Thinking about f*cking cupcakes and go drink some damn water!
Move it Sissy! You Look too comfortable in that position. Get up!
You have been sitting for too long! Go on a walk! look at the cool sh*t Mother Nature can do!
Drop and Gimme 20! Seriously! Do it.. Or just 10.. whatever.. I dont really care.. Just try to be concious of your health. 
High Knees! High Knees! Get that ass in gear! GO GO GO!
You dont want to be in a Custom Coffin! Slim it Down Sally! They Don't make em in XXXL.. and if they do.. They aint cheap! 
Only You Can Change Your Life! No One Can Do It For You!
Slow And Steady Wins The Race.. You're not a freakin super hero...
The Road May Be Bumpy But Stay Committed To The Process.. or your Body will stay Lumpy.. (The bad kind of lumpy)
If You Are Tired Of Starting Over, Stop Giving Up.. Ya freakin WUSSY!
Be The Best Version Of You...the hot thin version that the fat version is jealous of.
Be Stronger Than Your Excuses... `cause that sh*t is annoying.... You can do it! Get up!. 
It’s Not A Diet, It’s A Lifestyle Change!
Nothing Tastes As Good As Being Thin Feels
Will Is A Skill... just practice it!
You can do it! You can do it ALL NIGHT LONG!
Stressed Spelled Backwards Is Desserts. Coincidence? I think not!
An Active Mind Cannot Exist In An Inactive Body.... that means if you are fat then you are dumb also...
Success Is The Sum Of Small Efforts that are repeated Day In And Day Out... Just keep turning down soda and cake... We all Love that damn cake. 
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing ’til it gets there... if you give up then no one will get their mail ever again. 
A diamond is just a sexy lump of coal that maintained a healthy diet and exercised regularly...
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’!! 
Your Body is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it... Don't put sh*t in your body!
If you’re going through hell, keep going... Don't let demons get you! Run Forest Run!.. seriously.. Go on a run.. you need the exercise. 
The elevator to success is a myth. You’ll have to use the stairs.. one step at a time.. get goin' tubby!
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile... and no fat cyclists! go on a bike ride!
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.. just skip the ones that offer coffee and soda...
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones... Ya hear that! Go move some f*ckin rocks! It makes you strong!
Elvis is not dead.. he just got fat.. No one likes a fatty.. do some jumping jacks!
You know why Eeyore is so sad all the time?... Because he's got a big ass! Move it! move it! Move it!
I see you eyeballin them sweets... Knock it off! You dont get no stinkin sweets!
Dance time! GO! - https://youtu.be/t2mU6USTBRE?t=78
If you had a quarter for every soda you drank... I'm guessing you'd have a lot of quarters..
Get Up! Get out! Get Funky! - That means go do something active for 5 minutes.. Can you be active for 5 minutes? It's only 5 minutes!
No matter what you think... Your husband thinks your hot... Shake that booty baby! 
"I think you would be a hippo from hungry hungry hippos"... you would not want someone to say that if you were in a situation where people were comparing you to board game peices... you should probably go work out.
Boys do like a little more booty to hold at night... it's true. But come on... (You should probably go do some squats and firm that thing up a bit)
https://www.papercards.com/images/recycled-paper-greetings/cd5031-big-butt-christmas-card.jpg
https://cdn.someecards.com/someecards/usercards/MjAxMy0yNDMxNmExZjYwZjIzZWY4.png
Most people say their eyes are bigger than their stomache... I am guessing you dont have that problem do you? 
Remember the little engine that could? Well if that conducter would have laid off them damn donuts then it wouldn't have been an issue.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/80/67/99/80679932e6698e23aae20c1b8acc2e18.jpg
WORKOUT SONG! GO! - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PCkvCPvDXk
Time to Shake things up! GO! - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JphDdGV2TU
Work them Lumps Lady! Dance Time! - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEe_eraFWWs
Time to Dance! GO! - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAOLTsTtZis&feature=youtu.be&t=13
Dance Time - Get up and GO! - https://youtu.be/VMnjF1O4eH0?t=7
Move that Tush! GO! - https://youtu.be/7qDgCmzh5ao?t=20
Get Yo Funk on! GO! - https://youtu.be/rrBx6mAWYPU
Do a Fat Dance! GO! - https://youtu.be/pA3R_LBBzos
Shake that booty! GO! - https://youtu.be/yDSK91mUNLU
Train insane or remain the same.
Your body can stand almost anything. It’s your mind that you have to convince.
No pain, no gain. Shut up and train.
Of course it’s hard. It’s supposed to be hard. It it were easy, everybody would do it. Hard is what makes it great.
Definition of a really good workout: when you hate doing it, but you love finishing it.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you. - Except Jaron.. He is trying.. sort of.. 
Suck it up. And one day you won’t have to suck it in
I will beat her. I will train harder. I will eat cleaner. I know her strengths. I’ve lost to her before but not this time. She is going down. I have the advantage because I know her well. She is the old me
Success starts with self-discipline.
Good things come to those who sweat.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
A one hour workout is 4% of your day. No excuses
The body achieves what the mind believes
What seems impossible today will one day become your warm-up
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway
Someone busier than you is working out right now.
Hustle for that muscle.
The hardest lift of all is lifting your butt off the couch.
If you still look good at the end of your workout, you didn’t train hard enough
When you feel like quitting think about why you started
A good workout is when you make your dry fit shirt look like false advertising.
I don’t count my sit-ups. I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.
It comes down to one simple thing: how bad do you want it?
Making excuses burns zero calories per hour.
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. People can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.
The only bad workout is the one that didn’t happen.
Exercise is like telling your body “you’re gonna hate me for this, but you’ll thank me later.
The pain you feel today, will be the strength you feel tomorrow
Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits
It’s actually pretty simple. Either you do it, or you don’t.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside of you that is greater than any obstacle
Nothing truly great ever came from a comfort zone.
You don’t have to be extreme, just consistent.
Less sugar, more fruit. Less soda, more water. Less driving, more walking. Less worry, more sleep. Less words, more action.
The difference between wanting and achieving is discipline
The hard part isn’t getting your body in shape. The hard part is getting your mind in shape.
Remember, Rome wasn’t built in a day. Work hard, good results will come.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but squats will make me badass.. It also makes your ass look better :)
Wake up. Work out. Look hot. Kick ass. Repeat!
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
Don’t wish for a good body, work for it.
Don’t be afraid of being a beginner.
Sweat is magic. Cover yourself in it daily to grant your wishes
70% of people that start a fitness plan quit. Except you. Not this time
Discipline is doing what you hate to do, but nonetheless doing it like you love it
The road to nowhere is paved with excuses
There’s more to life than training, but training is what puts more in your life.
If you’re capable of sending a legible text message between sets, you probably aren’t working hard enough.
Working hard is not a waste of time, but a state of mind. Keep pushing your limits until you reach the edge. Then be kind and rewind



